Documentation/typo3cms/Guides.rst, before:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


==================================
Guides
==================================

TYPO3 CMS Documentation


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3l10n:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3l10n
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Frontend Localization Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      This manual is currently unmaintained. If you want to help maintain it,
                  just drop us a line at documentation@typo3.org!

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3install:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3install
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Installation and Upgrade Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3security:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3security
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Security Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SecurityGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SecurityGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3contribute:TYPO3.Tutorial.ContributionWorkflow.Index`
   :Shortcut:     t3contribute
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `TYPO3 Contribution Workflow <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Revamp home page
Also add anchors to most pages for cross-linking.
Add descriptions for manual categories (guides, references, etc.).

Documentation/typo3cms/Guides.rst, after:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _guides:

==================================
Guides
==================================

Guides provide an in-depth exploration of a particular topic,
like installation of TYPO3 CMS or security.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3l10n:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3l10n
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Frontend Localization Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      This manual is currently unmaintained. If you want to help maintain it,
                  just drop us a line at documentation@typo3.org!

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3install:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3install
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Installation and Upgrade Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3security:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3security
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `Security Guide <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SecurityGuide>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SecurityGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3contribute:TYPO3.Tutorial.ContributionWorkflow.Index`
   :Shortcut:     t3contribute
   :Type:         Guide
   :URI:          `TYPO3 Contribution Workflow <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:
