Documentation/typo3cms/References.rst, before:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


==================================
References
==================================

TYPO3 CMS Documentation


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1


 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment



 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3cgl:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3cgl
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Coding Guidelines <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CodingGuidelinesReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CodingGuidelinesReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3api:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3api
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Core API Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3fal:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3fal
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `File Abstraction Layer <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FileAbstractionLayerReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FileAbstractionLayerReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3inside:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3inside
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Inside TYPO3 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InsideTypo3Reference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InsideTypo3Reference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3skinning:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3skinning
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Skinning <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SkinningReference/>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SkinningReference//singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      This manual is currently unmaintained. If you want to help maintain it,
                  just drop us a line at documentation@typo3.org!

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tca:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tca
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TCA Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tsconfig:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tsconfig
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TSconfig Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tsref:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tsref
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tssyntax:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tssyntax
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TypoScript Syntax <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3services:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3services
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TYPO3 Services <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/Typo3ServicesReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/Typo3ServicesReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Revamp home page
Also add anchors to most pages for cross-linking.
Add descriptions for manual categories (guides, references, etc.).

Documentation/typo3cms/References.rst, after:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


.. _references:

==================================
References
==================================

Reference manuals are exhaustive documents about one particular aspect of TYPO3 CMS:
important APIs, TypoScript options, TCA properties, etc.

If you are new to TYPO3 CMS and feel lost in such documents, please make sure
that you have been through :ref:`all the available tutorials <tutorials>`.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1


 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment



 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3cgl:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3cgl
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Coding Guidelines <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CodingGuidelinesReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CodingGuidelinesReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3api:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3api
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Core API Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3fal:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3fal
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `File Abstraction Layer <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FileAbstractionLayerReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FileAbstractionLayerReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      **Work in progress** Please help the community by contributing!

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3inside:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3inside
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `Inside TYPO3 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InsideTypo3Reference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InsideTypo3Reference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tca:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tca
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TCA Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tsconfig:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tsconfig
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TSconfig Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tsref:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tsref
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3tssyntax:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3tssyntax
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TypoScript Syntax <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3services:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3services
   :Type:         Reference
   :URI:          `TYPO3 Services <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/Typo3ServicesReference>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/Typo3ServicesReference/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:
