Documentation/typo3cms/Tutorials.rst, before:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


==================================
Tutorials
==================================

TYPO3 CMS Documentation


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1
 
 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment
   


 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3editors:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3editors
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Editors Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      
   
 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3start:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3start
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Getting Started <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      
   
 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3templating:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3templating
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Templating Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:      

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3ts45:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3ts45
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `TypoScript in 45 Minutes <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

Commit message:

Improved the Tutorials glue page

Documentation/typo3cms/Tutorials.rst, after:

.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt


==================================
Tutorials
==================================

The official tutorials provide step-by-step introductions into the
TYPO3 CMS world. If you are new to TYPO3 CMS, please go through the
tutorials below in the order in which they are listed, which
represents a logical progression in the knowledge of the product.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :URI:          Manual
   :Type:         Type
   :Shortcut:     Shortcut
   :Manual:       Title
   :Single file:  as single file (experimental)
   :Comment:      Comment



 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3start:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3start
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Getting Started <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3editors:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3editors
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Editors Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3ts45:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3ts45
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `TypoScript in 45 Minutes <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:

 - :Manual:       :ref:`t3templating:start`
   :Shortcut:     t3templating
   :Type:         Tutorial
   :URI:          `Templating Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial>`__
   :Single file:  `singlehtml <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/singlehtml/>`__
   :Comment:
