Documentation/typo3cms/GuidesAndTutorials/Index.rst, before:


.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

.. _examples:
.. _guides:
.. _tutorials:

====================
Tutorials and Guides
====================

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Contribution Workflow ➜          <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/>
   Documentation Rendering ➜        <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/RenderTYPO3DocumentationGuide/>
   Extbase & Fluid ➜                <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseGuide/>
   Frontend Localization ➜          <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide/>
   Getting Started ➜                <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/>
   Installation and Upgrade ➜       <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide/>
   Siteackage Tutorial ➜            <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>
   Templating Tutorial➜             <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>
   Tutorial for Editors ➜           <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/>
   TypoScript in 45 Minutes ➜       <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial/>
   Writing Documentation ➜          <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/HowToDocument/>

Tutorials
=========

The official *tutorials* provide step-by-step introductions into the
TYPO3 CMS world. If you are new to TYPO3 CMS, please go through the
tutorials below in the order in which they are listed, which
represents a logical progression in the knowledge of the product.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Category:     Category
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        `Getting Started Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Getting started
   :Description:  The official tutorial to discover the main features and concepts of TYPO3 CMS.
                  It is based on the Introduction Package.

 - :Title:        :ref:`TypoScript in 45 Minutes <t3ts45:start>`
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  TypoScript is a configuration language that is specific to TYPO3.
                  This guide will walk you through the basics. For more information
                  see :ref:`t3tsref:start`.

 - :Title:        `Sitepackage Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  Integrate frontend templates and TYPO3 configuration in
                  your own sitepackage extension using the Fluid templating engine.
                  :ref:`[read more] <news-2018-06-13>`

 - :Title:        :ref:`Templating Tutorial <t3templating:start>`
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  The tutorial now teaches templating with FLUIDTEMPLATE (recommended)
                  in its `master branch <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>`__.
                  *Marker based templating* used to be prevalent before. It can
                  be found in the `7.6 branch
                  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/7.6/>`__.
                  The `Sitepackage Tutorial
                  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>`__
                  covers FLUIDTEMPLATE as well.

 - :Title:        `Tutorial for Editors <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Editing
   :Description:  How to create pages and content elements, access control
                  and working with multiple languages.

Guides and Books
================

*Guides* provide an in-depth exploration of a particular topic, like installation of TYPO3 or templating.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Category:     Category
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3install:start`
   :Category:     Installation & Upgrade
   :Description:  How to **install** TYPO3 (with or without composer) and
                  how to **upgrade** an existing installation.

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3l10n:start`
   :Category:     Translation
   :Description:  Everything you need to know about **multiple languages**
                  and **translation** in TYPO3.

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3contribute:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  How to contribute to the **TYPO3 codebase** and how to
                  **submit issues** (e.g. Bug reports).

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3extbasebook:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  An extensive walkthrough on extension development for
                  TYPO3 using the **Extbase** framework and **Fluid**
                  templating engine. (Warning: is partly outdated and incomplete)

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3extbase:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  This contains some information about **Extbase** and **Fluid**
                  for extension development but is
                  not a comprehensive Guide or Tutorial at this point.
                  Also available a complete :ref:`ViewHelper reference <t3viewhelper:start>`.

 - :Title:        :ref:`h2document:start`
   :Category:     Documentation
   :Description:  Provides all necessary information about writing documentation.
                  Explains how to write documentation, either for an TYPO3
                  extensions, TYPO3 changelog, TYPO3 core, or official TYPO3
                  Documentation. The same markup and rendering toolchain is used
                  in all cases.

 - :Title:        :ref:`rendert3docs:start`
   :Category:     Documentation
   :Description:  How the TYPO3 documentation is rendered.
                  It is currently recommended to go directly to the `docker image
                  <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation>`__ for
                  rendering. Take a look at the the Readme.

Example Manual
==============

*Example manuals* for both extensions and official manuals,
which also serve as guidelines to the usage of reStructuredText.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        `Extension Manual <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtensionManualExample>`__
   :Description:

Commit message:

Update links to rendering information in Tutorials and Guides
Should direct everyone directly to README.rst in docker image repo because that is where
they will find a step by step guide.

Related: https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/T3DocTeam/issues/58

Documentation/typo3cms/GuidesAndTutorials/Index.rst, after:


.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

.. _examples:
.. _guides:
.. _tutorials:

====================
Tutorials and Guides
====================

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Contribution Workflow ➜                 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/>
   Documentation Rendering With Docker ➜   <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation/blob/master/README.rst>
   Extbase & Fluid ➜                       <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtbaseGuide/>
   Frontend Localization ➜                 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/FrontendLocalizationGuide/>
   Getting Started ➜                       <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/>
   Installation and Upgrade ➜              <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/InstallationGuide/>
   Siteackage Tutorial ➜                   <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>
   Templating Tutorial➜                    <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>
   Tutorial for Editors ➜                  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/>
   TypoScript in 45 Minutes ➜              <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptIn45MinutesTutorial/>
   Writing Documentation ➜                 <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/HowToDocument/>

Tutorials
=========

The official *tutorials* provide step-by-step introductions into the
TYPO3 CMS world. If you are new to TYPO3 CMS, please go through the
tutorials below in the order in which they are listed, which
represents a logical progression in the knowledge of the product.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Category:     Category
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        `Getting Started Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Getting started
   :Description:  The official tutorial to discover the main features and concepts of TYPO3 CMS.
                  It is based on the Introduction Package.

 - :Title:        :ref:`TypoScript in 45 Minutes <t3ts45:start>`
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  TypoScript is a configuration language that is specific to TYPO3.
                  This guide will walk you through the basics. For more information
                  see :ref:`t3tsref:start`.

 - :Title:        `Sitepackage Tutorial <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  Integrate frontend templates and TYPO3 configuration in
                  your own sitepackage extension using the Fluid templating engine.
                  :ref:`[read more] <news-2018-06-13>`

 - :Title:        :ref:`Templating Tutorial <t3templating:start>`
   :Category:     Development / Integration
   :Description:  The tutorial now teaches templating with FLUIDTEMPLATE (recommended)
                  in its `master branch <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>`__.
                  *Marker based templating* used to be prevalent before. It can
                  be found in the `7.6 branch
                  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/7.6/>`__.
                  The `Sitepackage Tutorial
                  <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/SitePackageTutorial/>`__
                  covers FLUIDTEMPLATE as well.

 - :Title:        `Tutorial for Editors <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/EditorsTutorial/>`__
   :Category:     Editing
   :Description:  How to create pages and content elements, access control
                  and working with multiple languages.

Guides and Books
================

*Guides* provide an in-depth exploration of a particular topic, like installation of TYPO3 or templating.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Category:     Category
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3install:start`
   :Category:     Installation & Upgrade
   :Description:  How to **install** TYPO3 (with or without composer) and
                  how to **upgrade** an existing installation.

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3l10n:start`
   :Category:     Translation
   :Description:  Everything you need to know about **multiple languages**
                  and **translation** in TYPO3.

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3contribute:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  How to contribute to the **TYPO3 codebase** and how to
                  **submit issues** (e.g. Bug reports).

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3extbasebook:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  An extensive walkthrough on extension development for
                  TYPO3 using the **Extbase** framework and **Fluid**
                  templating engine. (Warning: is partly outdated and incomplete)

 - :Title:        :ref:`t3extbase:start`
   :Category:     Development
   :Description:  This contains some information about **Extbase** and **Fluid**
                  for extension development but is
                  not a comprehensive Guide or Tutorial at this point.
                  Also available a complete :ref:`ViewHelper reference <t3viewhelper:start>`.

 - :Title:        :ref:`h2document:start`
   :Category:     Documentation
   :Description:  Provides all necessary information about writing documentation.
                  Explains how to write documentation, either for an TYPO3
                  extensions, TYPO3 changelog, TYPO3 core, or official TYPO3
                  Documentation. The same markup and rendering toolchain is used
                  in all cases.

 - :Title:        `Render TYPO3 Documentation With Docker <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation/blob/master/README.rst>`__
   :Category:     Documentation
   :Description:  How to render the documentation locally with Docker.

 - :Title:        :ref:`rendert3docs:start`
   :Category:     Documentation
   :Description:  How the TYPO3 documentation is rendered. This guide is a work in progess and currently
                  heavily under construction.
                  At the moment, it is recommended to go directly to
                  `Render TYPO3 Documentation With Docker <https://github.com/t3docs/docker-render-documentation/blob/master/README.rst>`__
                  for information about local rendering with Docker.

Example Manual
==============

*Example manuals* for both extensions and official manuals,
which also serve as guidelines to the usage of reStructuredText.


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Title:        Title
   :Description:  Description

 - :Title:        `Extension Manual <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/ExtensionManualExample>`__
   :Description:
