Documentation/Latest/Index.rst, before:



.. _latest:

================
What's going on?
================

-------------------------
Latest Documentation News
-------------------------



TypoScript Syntax Reference has new outfit
------------------------------------------

2016-05-18

The `TypoScript Syntax Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference/>`__
is coming along in the new theme now as well.



TSconfig Reference switched to new theme
----------------------------------------

2016-05-08

The `TSconfig Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference/>`__ now has
the new theme as well.



Templating Tutorial updated
---------------------------

2016-05-12

François Suter

The `Templating Tutorial (Basics)
<https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>`__
is now up to date again.
More than refreshed, it was really refactored. This tutorial was accompanied by
files delivered via the extension called "doc_tut_templating". I have now made
this extension into a distribution, which makes it possible to deliver not only
the files but also a basic page tree with a few content element. This greatly
simplifies the early steps of the tutorial, which were redundant with the
Editors Tutorial.
I have reworked a lot of the content, which was quite verbose. It is now often
shorter and more to the point. I removed the chapter about "optionSplit",
which was confusing, and referred readers to the TypoScript Reference instead.
This ended up being a lot of work and this time I used all the time I had
planned in this budget milestone.
https://forge.typo3.org/news/799



New Guide: Contribution Workflow
--------------------------------

2016-04-28

Yippie, we have a new guide:

.. figure:: ../News/2016/files/2016-04-28-ContributionWorkflowGuide.png
   :target: /typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/





Old and new classnames
----------------------

2016-03-24

What are the new namespaced classnames that replace outdated old ones
of TYPO3 v4? You can now `find the answer in the documentation.
<https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/6.2/ApiOverview/Namespaces/Index.html#classaliasmap-php>`__

.. figure:: ../News/2016/files/2016-03-24-ClassAliasMap.png
   :target: /typo3cms/CoreApiReference/6.2/ApiOverview/Namespaces/Index.html#classaliasmap-php



More news? Take a look at :ref:`news` as well!

Commit message:

Added news item about updated TypoScript Syntax reference

Documentation/Latest/Index.rst, after:



.. _latest:

================
What's going on?
================

-------------------------
Latest Documentation News
-------------------------



TypoScript Syntax Reference updated
-----------------------------------

2016-05-31

François Suter

The `TypoScript Syntax Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference/>`__
is now up to date again for TYPO3 CMS 7. It was partly restructured
to remove redundancies and globally make for a more consistent reading.
Some obsolete parts were dropped.

Original news: https://forge.typo3.org/news/800


TypoScript Syntax Reference has new outfit
------------------------------------------

2016-05-18

The `TypoScript Syntax Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptSyntaxReference/>`__
is coming along in the new theme now as well.



TSconfig Reference switched to new theme
----------------------------------------

2016-05-08

The `TSconfig Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TSconfigReference/>`__ now has
the new theme as well.



Templating Tutorial updated
---------------------------

2016-05-12

François Suter

The `Templating Tutorial (Basics)
<https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TemplatingTutorial/>`__
is now up to date again.
More than refreshed, it was really refactored. This tutorial was accompanied by
files delivered via the extension called "doc_tut_templating". I have now made
this extension into a distribution, which makes it possible to deliver not only
the files but also a basic page tree with a few content element. This greatly
simplifies the early steps of the tutorial, which were redundant with the
Editors Tutorial.
I have reworked a lot of the content, which was quite verbose. It is now often
shorter and more to the point. I removed the chapter about "optionSplit",
which was confusing, and referred readers to the TypoScript Reference instead.
This ended up being a lot of work and this time I used all the time I had
planned in this budget milestone.
https://forge.typo3.org/news/799



New Guide: Contribution Workflow
--------------------------------

2016-04-28

Yippie, we have a new guide:

.. figure:: ../News/2016/files/2016-04-28-ContributionWorkflowGuide.png
   :target: /typo3cms/ContributionWorkflowGuide/





Old and new classnames
----------------------

2016-03-24

What are the new namespaced classnames that replace outdated old ones
of TYPO3 v4? You can now `find the answer in the documentation.
<https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/CoreApiReference/6.2/ApiOverview/Namespaces/Index.html#classaliasmap-php>`__

.. figure:: ../News/2016/files/2016-03-24-ClassAliasMap.png
   :target: /typo3cms/CoreApiReference/6.2/ApiOverview/Namespaces/Index.html#classaliasmap-php



More news? Take a look at :ref:`news` as well!
