Documentation/typo3cms/CheatSheets/Index.rst, before:


.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

.. _cheat-sheets:

============
Cheat Sheets
============

TYPO3 CMS cheat sheets

This section holds files, which are related to the TYPO3 CMS Core
documentation, but which do not really fit into any specific manual.

.. note::

   **Do you have a cheat sheet yourself?**

   Do you want **your** cheat sheets to be featured on docs.typo3.org as well?

   Then don't hesitate to `drop us a line <documentation@typo3.org>`__!

   Every contribution is welcome!


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Sheet:        Title
   :Scope:        Scope
   :Description:  Description
   :Provided by:  Kindly provided by
   :Type:         File type
   :Download:     Download
   :Update:       Want to update the file? `Send <documentation@typo3.org>`__ us the result!



 - :Sheet:        stdWrap overview for cObjects
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  This overview presents the different stdWrap properties of a cObject. It uses the cObject "TEXT" as example to demonstrate where they are applied.
   :Provided by:  Xavier Perseguers
   :Type:         PNG
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap.png>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap.png>`__

 - :Sheet:        stdWrap overview for menu objects
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  This overview presents the different stdWrap properties of a menu. It uses the menu type "HMENU" as an example to demonstrate where they are applied.
   :Provided by:  Xavier Perseguers
   :Type:         PNG
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap-menu.png>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap-menu.png>`__

 - :Sheet:        2 Extbase Cheat Sheets and 2 Fluid Cheat Sheets
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  Everything around Extbase and Fluid: Extension directory structure, TypoScript settings, API for ActionController, View and Request. And for Fluid: Fluidtemplate and usage of ViewHelpers.
   :Provided by:  Patrick Lobacher
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.lobacher.de/files/cs/ExtbaseFluidCheatSheet_3.02_pluswerk.pdf>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        TCA Cheat Sheet
   :Scope:        `TCA Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference>`__
   :Description:  Compact overview of TCA settings and values.
   :Provided by:  Stefan Frömken
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.typo3lexikon.de/fileadmin/templates/downloads/TCA-Cheat-Sheet-Schoko-Vanille-Mint.pdf>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        New Website Cheat Sheet
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  Overview of common TypoScript settings for a new TYPO3 website.
   :Provided by:  Leon D.
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.cheatography.com/achjaderleon/cheat-sheets/typo3-new-website/pdf/>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        TYPO3 Page Includes
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  An illustration of the different includes, which are supported by the Page renderer since TYPO3 4.3.
   :Provided by:  Steffen Kamper
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/T3_pageinclude_sheet%20v1.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/T3_pageinclude_sheet%20v1.odp>`__

 - :Sheet:        Creating and using mocks in PHPUnit
   :Scope:        `PHP unit testing <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/phpunit/>`__
   :Description:  -
   :Provided by:  Oliver Klee
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/blob/master/AdditionalDocuments/mocking-cheatsheet.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Repository <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/>`__


 - :Sheet:        Test Driven Development with TYPO3 CMS
   :Scope:        `PHP unit testing <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/phpunit/>`__
   :Description:  -
   :Provided by:  Oliver Klee
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/blob/master/tdd-cheatsheet.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Repository <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/>`__


The Documentation Team kindly thanks all authors for their work!

TYPO3 - inspiring people to share.

Commit message:

[TASK] Add link to Prophecy cheatsheet

Documentation/typo3cms/CheatSheets/Index.rst, after:


.. include:: ../../Includes.txt

.. _cheat-sheets:

============
Cheat Sheets
============

TYPO3 CMS cheat sheets

This section holds files, which are related to the TYPO3 CMS Core
documentation, but which do not really fit into any specific manual.

.. note::

   **Do you have a cheat sheet yourself?**

   Do you want **your** cheat sheets to be featured on docs.typo3.org as well?

   Then don't hesitate to `drop us a line <documentation@typo3.org>`__!

   Every contribution is welcome!


.. t3-field-list-table::
 :header-rows: 1

 - :Sheet:        Title
   :Scope:        Scope
   :Description:  Description
   :Provided by:  Kindly provided by
   :Type:         File type
   :Download:     Download
   :Update:       Want to update the file? `Send <documentation@typo3.org>`__ us the result!



 - :Sheet:        stdWrap overview for cObjects
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  This overview presents the different stdWrap properties of a cObject. It uses the cObject "TEXT" as example to demonstrate where they are applied.
   :Provided by:  Xavier Perseguers
   :Type:         PNG
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap.png>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap.png>`__

 - :Sheet:        stdWrap overview for menu objects
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  This overview presents the different stdWrap properties of a menu. It uses the menu type "HMENU" as an example to demonstrate where they are applied.
   :Provided by:  Xavier Perseguers
   :Type:         PNG
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap-menu.png>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/stdwrap-menu.png>`__

 - :Sheet:        2 Extbase Cheat Sheets and 2 Fluid Cheat Sheets
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  Everything around Extbase and Fluid: Extension directory structure, TypoScript settings, API for ActionController, View and Request. And for Fluid: Fluidtemplate and usage of ViewHelpers.
   :Provided by:  Patrick Lobacher
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.lobacher.de/files/cs/ExtbaseFluidCheatSheet_3.02_pluswerk.pdf>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        TCA Cheat Sheet
   :Scope:        `TCA Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TCAReference>`__
   :Description:  Compact overview of TCA settings and values.
   :Provided by:  Stefan Frömken
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.typo3lexikon.de/fileadmin/templates/downloads/TCA-Cheat-Sheet-Schoko-Vanille-Mint.pdf>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        New Website Cheat Sheet
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  Overview of common TypoScript settings for a new TYPO3 website.
   :Provided by:  Leon D.
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <http://www.cheatography.com/achjaderleon/cheat-sheets/typo3-new-website/pdf/>`__
   :Update:       -

 - :Sheet:        TYPO3 Page Includes
   :Scope:        `TypoScript Reference <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/TyposcriptReference>`__
   :Description:  An illustration of the different includes, which are supported by the Page renderer since TYPO3 4.3.
   :Provided by:  Steffen Kamper
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/T3_pageinclude_sheet%20v1.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Edit <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/DocsTypo3Org-Homepage/tree/master/Resources/Public/CheatSheets/T3_pageinclude_sheet%20v1.odp>`__

 - :Sheet:        Creating and using mocks with Prophecy in PHPUnit
   :Scope:        `PHP unit testing <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/phpunit/>`__
   :Description:  -
   :Provided by:  Oliver Klee
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/blob/master/AdditionalDocuments/prophecy-cheatsheet.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Repository <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/>`__

 - :Sheet:        Creating and using mocks in PHPUnit
   :Scope:        `PHP unit testing <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/phpunit/>`__
   :Description:  -
   :Provided by:  Oliver Klee
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/blob/master/AdditionalDocuments/mocking-cheatsheet.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Repository <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/>`__

 - :Sheet:        Test Driven Development with TYPO3 CMS
   :Scope:        `PHP unit testing <https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/phpunit/>`__
   :Description:  -
   :Provided by:  Oliver Klee
   :Type:         PDF
   :Download:     `Download <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/blob/master/tdd-cheatsheet.pdf>`__
   :Update:       `Repository <https://github.com/oliverklee/tdd-reader/>`__


The Documentation Team kindly thanks all authors for their work!

TYPO3 - inspiring people to share.
