Documentation/Home/ExtensionManuals.rst, before:

.. _extensions:

=============================
Developing & Using Extensions
=============================

Extension Development
=====================

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Getting started with extension development

         .. container:: card-body

            *  :ref:`Introduction to extensions in TYPO3
               <t3coreapi:extension-architecture-introduction>`

            *  Extension :ref:`t3coreapi:extension-files-locations`

            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:extension-naming` and :ref:`t3coreapi:cgl`


   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: TYPO3 Explained - API Quicklinks

         .. container:: card-body

            *  :ref:`QueryBuilder <t3coreapi:database-query-builder>` based on Doctrine
            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:DependencyInjection`
            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:request-handling`

Extension Manuals
==================

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: System Extensions

         .. container:: card-body

            Here you can find documentation of system extensions and third party extensions,
            if available.

            System extensions are shipped with the TYPO3 core. A list of all available
            system extension documentation is found in the
            :ref:`system extensions section <System-Extensions>`.


   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Third-party extensions

         .. container:: card-body

            Third party extensions are available through the
            TYPO3 Extension Repository (TER) or via composer.

            Go to the `TYPO3 Extension Repository (TER) <https://extensions.typo3.org/>`__ to search
            for documentation of third party extensions.

            The legacy :ref:`Extension manual search <extensionsManualSearch>` is still available.


.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Extension Development Basics <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/Index.html>
   SystemExtensions
   Third party extensions <https://extensions.typo3.org/>

Commit message:

[FEATURE] Add "Document an extension" to the extensions chapter
This makes the documentation about "How to document an extension" more accessible.
Just click the main navigation item or follow the links on the cards.

Documentation/Home/ExtensionManuals.rst, after:

.. _extensions:

=============================
Developing & Using Extensions
=============================

Extension Development
=====================

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Getting started with extension development

         .. container:: card-body

            *  :ref:`Introduction to extensions in TYPO3
               <t3coreapi:extension-architecture-introduction>`

            *  Extension :ref:`t3coreapi:extension-files-locations`

            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:extension-naming` and :ref:`t3coreapi:cgl`


   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: TYPO3 Explained - API Quicklinks

         .. container:: card-body

            *  :ref:`QueryBuilder <t3coreapi:database-query-builder>` based on Doctrine
            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:DependencyInjection`
            *  :ref:`t3coreapi:request-handling`

Extension Manuals
=================

.. container:: row m-0 p-0

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: System Extensions

         .. container:: card-body

            Here you can find documentation of system extensions and third-party extensions,
            if available.

            System extensions are shipped with the TYPO3 core. A list of all available
            system extension documentation is found in the
            :ref:`system extensions section <System-Extensions>`.


   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Third-party extensions

         .. container:: card-body

            Third-party extensions are available through the
            TYPO3 Extension Repository (TER) or via composer.

            Go to the `TYPO3 Extension Repository (TER) <https://extensions.typo3.org/>`__ to search
            for documentation of third-party extensions.

            The legacy :ref:`Extension manual search <extensionsManualSearch>` is still available.

   .. container:: col-md-6 pl-0 pr-3 py-3 m-0

      .. container:: card px-0 h-100

         .. rst-class:: card-header

            .. rubric:: Document an extension

         .. container:: card-body

            Documentation is an essential part of an extension.
            Learn :ref:`how to document <how-to-start-docs-extension>` an extension
            and :ref:`publish the documentation <register-for-rendering>` on docs.typo3.org.



.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Extension Development Basics <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/main/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/Index.html>
   SystemExtensions
   Third-party extensions <https://extensions.typo3.org/>
   Document an extension <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/docs-how-to-document/main/en-us/WritingDocForExtension/Index.html>
