Documentation/Home/WhatsNew.rst, before:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

.. _whats_new:

==========
What's New
==========

.. _whats_new_slides:

What's new Slides
=================

For each new major TYPO3 release, a set of
`"What's New Slides" <https://typo3.org/help/documentation/whats-new>`__
are created  in several languages, covering the **main** new features
and changes.

.. _whats_new_changelog:

Changelog
=========

Developers should regularly check the
`Core Changelog <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/master/en-us/>`__
for changes. In comparison to the "What's new Slides", this
is a **complete** list of deprecations, breaking changes and new features
in the core, written for a technical audience.

Additionally, the :ref:`extension scanner <t3coreapi:extension-scanner>`
is available in the TYPO3 backend (since 9.5) to check if existing extensions use
deprecated or removed functionality.

.. _documentationTypo3Version:

Documentation by TYPO3 Version
==============================

Documentation that is rendered on docs.typo3.org often comes with several
versions. In the official documentation, each corresponds to a major TYPO3
version, for example 9.5.

You can see this in the URL, for example:

* ``/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/master/en-us/`` is documentation for the
  latest version of TYPO3 that has not been released as LTS yet.
* ``/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/`` corresponds to TYPO3
  version 9.5.

The version is also displayed along with the title, for example:

.. image:: About/UsingThisSite/_images/getting-started-menu-startpage.svg

You can jump to a different version of the manual by clicking on
:guilabel:`Related Links` on the bottom of the menu, see
:ref:`usage-version-selector`.

.. image:: About/UsingThisSite/_images/version-selector.svg

We currently have the following policy:

* Official manuals are available on docs.typo3.org for
  **version 6.2 and above**
* System extension manuals are available on docs.typo3.org for
  **version 8.7 and above**


.. _findDocsForOlderVersions:

Finding Documentation for Older TYPO3 Versions
==============================================

Documentation that is :ref:`currently no longer available <documentationTypo3Version>`
on docs.typo3.org can still be accessed.

For example, "TYPO3 Explained" is rendered for versions 6.2 and above,
but older versions still exist for 4.5 and above.

You can find the older versions for official manuals by:

#. Find the manual on https://docs.typo3.org
#. Click on :guilabel:`Related Links` in the menu and go to :guilabel:`Repository`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`branches` and select the branch

You can now browse the files online on GitHub, but this will not be
rendered nicely, as not all sphinx directives are correctly rendered on GitHub.

To render the documentation locally (you need Git and Docker):

#. Click on :guilabel:`Clone or download` to copy the repository URL
#. `git clone <repository-url>`
#. `cd <directory that was just created>`
#. `git fetch;git branch -a`
#. `git checkout <branch>`
#. Render the documentation, as described in :ref:`rendering-docs-quickstart`


.. _new_documentation:

New Documentation
=================

While we do our best to keep existing documentation up to date, sometimes
documentation has been added long after a new feature was created.

Here is a list of documentation that was created recently:

.. _new_documentation_2019:

2019
----

Several new chapters were added to "TYPO3 Explained".

"TYPO3 Explained" API Overview:

* :ref:`New documentation for translation with Crowdin <t3coreapi:xliff-translating-server-crowdin>`
  (in fact the entire :ref:`t3coreapi:localization` chapter has been heavily updated)
* :ref:`t3coreapi:DependencyInjection`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:be-layout`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:file_processing`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:broadcast_channels`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:deprecation`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:eventlist`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:EventDispatcher`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`adding-your-own-content-elements` (moved from fluid_styled_content documentation)
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <adding-your-own-content-elements>`,
  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/ContentElements/AddingYourOwnContentElements.html>`__
  and `8.7 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/ContentElements/AddingYourOwnContentElements.html>`__
* :ref:`Request Handling (PSR-15 / Middlewares) <t3coreapi:request-handling>`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:request-handling>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/RequestHandling/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:routing`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:routing>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Routing/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:seo`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:seo>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Seo/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:config-overview`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:config-overview>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Configuration/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:flexforms`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:flexforms>`,
  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/FlexForms/Index.html>`__
  and `8.7 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/8.7/en-us/ApiOverview/FlexForms/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:yaml`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:yaml>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Yaml/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:locking-api`

"TYPO3 Explained" Extension Development:

* :ref:`t3coreapi:composer-json`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:composer-json>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/ComposerJson/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:publish-extension`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:publish-extension>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/PublishExtension/Index.html>`__

System extensions:

* `rte_ckeditor <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-rte-ckeditor/master/en-us/>`__
* `SEO <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-seo/master/en-us/>`__


Some documentation that was missing but is required for developer certification
version 9 was added to the "Extbase / Fluid Book":

* :ref:`Dispatching within Extbase (Request / Response) <t3extbasebook:dispatching>`

Writing Documentation for extension developers:

* :ref:`h2document:writing-doc-for-ext-start`
* :ref:`h2document:migrate`

Writing Documentation:

* :ref:`h2document:rest-cheat-sheet`

Commit message:

Add reference to news about linking to same version across manuals
Related: https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/T3DocTeam/issues/81

Documentation/Home/WhatsNew.rst, after:

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

.. _whats_new:

==========
What's New
==========

.. _whats_new_slides:

What's new Slides
=================

For each new major TYPO3 release, a set of
`"What's New Slides" <https://typo3.org/help/documentation/whats-new>`__
are created  in several languages, covering the **main** new features
and changes.

.. _whats_new_changelog:

Changelog
=========

Developers should regularly check the
`Core Changelog <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-core/master/en-us/>`__
for changes. In comparison to the "What's new Slides", this
is a **complete** list of deprecations, breaking changes and new features
in the core, written for a technical audience.

Additionally, the :ref:`extension scanner <t3coreapi:extension-scanner>`
is available in the TYPO3 backend (since 9.5) to check if existing extensions use
deprecated or removed functionality.

.. _documentationTypo3Version:

Documentation by TYPO3 Version
==============================

Documentation that is rendered on docs.typo3.org often comes with several
versions. In the official documentation, each corresponds to a major TYPO3
version, for example 9.5.

You can see this in the URL, for example:

* ``/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/master/en-us/`` is documentation for the
  latest version of TYPO3 that has not been released as LTS yet.
* ``/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/`` corresponds to TYPO3
  version 9.5.

The version is also displayed along with the title, for example:

.. image:: About/UsingThisSite/_images/getting-started-menu-startpage.svg

You can jump to a different version of the manual by clicking on
:guilabel:`Related Links` on the bottom of the menu, see
:ref:`usage-version-selector`.

.. image:: About/UsingThisSite/_images/version-selector.svg

.. tip::

   We recently changed how we link across manuals. You will now
   :ref:`be directed to the same version <news-2020-link-to-versions>`
   (and not the latest - as before)
   when you are reading documentation and come across a link to
   another manual.

We currently have the following policy:

* Official manuals are available on docs.typo3.org for
  **version 6.2 and above**
* System extension manuals are available on docs.typo3.org for
  **version 8.7 and above**


.. _findDocsForOlderVersions:

Finding Documentation for Older TYPO3 Versions
==============================================

Documentation that is :ref:`currently no longer available <documentationTypo3Version>`
on docs.typo3.org can still be accessed.

For example, "TYPO3 Explained" is rendered for versions 6.2 and above,
but older versions still exist for 4.5 and above.

You can find the older versions for official manuals by:

#. Find the manual on https://docs.typo3.org
#. Click on :guilabel:`Related Links` in the menu and go to :guilabel:`Repository`.
#. Click on :guilabel:`branches` and select the branch

You can now browse the files online on GitHub, but this will not be
rendered nicely, as not all sphinx directives are correctly rendered on GitHub.

To render the documentation locally (you need Git and Docker):

#. Click on :guilabel:`Clone or download` to copy the repository URL
#. `git clone <repository-url>`
#. `cd <directory that was just created>`
#. `git fetch;git branch -a`
#. `git checkout <branch>`
#. Render the documentation, as described in :ref:`rendering-docs-quickstart`


.. _new_documentation:

New Documentation
=================

While we do our best to keep existing documentation up to date, sometimes
documentation has been added long after a new feature was created.

Here is a list of documentation that was created recently:

.. _new_documentation_2019:

2019
----

Several new chapters were added to "TYPO3 Explained".

"TYPO3 Explained" API Overview:

* :ref:`New documentation for translation with Crowdin <t3coreapi:xliff-translating-server-crowdin>`
  (in fact the entire :ref:`t3coreapi:localization` chapter has been heavily updated)
* :ref:`t3coreapi:DependencyInjection`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:be-layout`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:file_processing`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:broadcast_channels`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:deprecation`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:eventlist`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`t3coreapi:EventDispatcher`
  for TYPO3 version 10
* :ref:`adding-your-own-content-elements` (moved from fluid_styled_content documentation)
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <adding-your-own-content-elements>`,
  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/ContentElements/AddingYourOwnContentElements.html>`__
  and `8.7 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/ContentElements/AddingYourOwnContentElements.html>`__
* :ref:`Request Handling (PSR-15 / Middlewares) <t3coreapi:request-handling>`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:request-handling>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/RequestHandling/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:routing`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:routing>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Routing/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:seo`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:seo>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Seo/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:config-overview`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:config-overview>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Configuration/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:flexforms`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:flexforms>`,
  `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/FlexForms/Index.html>`__
  and `8.7 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/8.7/en-us/ApiOverview/FlexForms/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:yaml`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:yaml>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ApiOverview/Yaml/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:locking-api`

"TYPO3 Explained" Extension Development:

* :ref:`t3coreapi:composer-json`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:composer-json>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/ComposerJson/Index.html>`__
* :ref:`t3coreapi:publish-extension`
  for TYPO3 versions :ref:`10 <t3coreapi:publish-extension>`
  and `9.5 <https://docs.typo3.org/m/typo3/reference-coreapi/9.5/en-us/ExtensionArchitecture/PublishExtension/Index.html>`__

System extensions:

* `rte_ckeditor <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-rte-ckeditor/master/en-us/>`__
* `SEO <https://docs.typo3.org/c/typo3/cms-seo/master/en-us/>`__


Some documentation that was missing but is required for developer certification
version 9 was added to the "Extbase / Fluid Book":

* :ref:`Dispatching within Extbase (Request / Response) <t3extbasebook:dispatching>`

Writing Documentation for extension developers:

* :ref:`h2document:writing-doc-for-ext-start`
* :ref:`h2document:migrate`

Writing Documentation:

* :ref:`h2document:rest-cheat-sheet`
