Documentation/Overview/WhatsNew.rst, before:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

==============================
What's new?
==============================

Content news
============

New: "What's new?" page
-----------------------

2012-12-26.
Now there's a "What's new page?" at docs.typo3.org that keeps you
informed about proceedings in content and layout.



Spellings
---------

2012-12-21.
In the menu it's now "API" instead of "Api" and "TypoScript" instead of 
"Typoscript".


Layout news
===========

Fixed flyout menu at the left 
-----------------------------

2012-12-26.
An additional flyout menu with links to anchors within the current
page is now constantly available from a fixed position at the
left border of the browser window. Example: Hover
over the outlined area at the left of the browser window.



One central file for the main menu
----------------------------------

2012-12-25.
The top menu is now loaded from a single javascript file which is
common to all pages and can be changed easily. Existing manuals don't 
need to be rerendered to have an up to date menu.



Automatic "shrink to fit" for images
------------------------------------

2012-12-24. `This post`__ has a first info. More documentation is in 
preparation.

__ http://lists.typo3.org/pipermail/typo3-project-documentation/2012-December/004315.html

1. Watch for example `this page`__.
2. Select "adaptive" layout.
3. Resize the width of your browser window.

__ http://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/GeneralPrinciples/GeneralBackendStructure/Index.html



How to make small screenshots look nice
---------------------------------------

2012-12-18: `first info and comments`__, example__

__ http://lists.typo3.org/pipermail/typo3-project-documentation/2012-December/004288.html
__ http://docs.typo3.org/Overview/Tips.html#access-key-n-next-page

Updated recommendation: **Do** use class "screenshot-detail", **do not**
use "screenshot-fullsize".

Commit message:

Update "What's new?" page, remove links to Flow/Neos

Documentation/Overview/WhatsNew.rst, after:

﻿.. ==================================================
.. FOR YOUR INFORMATION
.. --------------------------------------------------
.. -*- coding: utf-8 -*- with BOM.

.. include:: ../Includes.txt

==============================
What's new?
==============================

Content news
============

TYPO3 Flow and Neos Documentations have moved
---------------------------------------------

2015.
In the effort to separate Neos and Flow development from TYPO3 CMS,
the official TYPO3 Neos Documentation and TYPO3 Flow Documentation
have moved to a new place. Old links get redirected.

TYPO3 Surf
----------

2015.
The official TYPO3 Surf documentation got added to docs.typo3.org.

PDF rendering
-------------

2014.
The official documentation has been made available in PDF format.
The current version can always be downloaded using the "PDF" link
in the menu of the according documentation project.


New: "What's new?" page
-----------------------

2012-12-26.
Now there's a "What's new page?" at docs.typo3.org that keeps you
informed about proceedings in content and layout.



Spellings
---------

2012-12-21.
In the menu it's now "API" instead of "Api" and "TypoScript" instead of 
"Typoscript".


Layout news
===========

Fixed flyout menu at the left 
-----------------------------

2012-12-26.
An additional flyout menu with links to anchors within the current
page is now constantly available from a fixed position at the
left border of the browser window. Example: Hover
over the outlined area at the left of the browser window.



One central file for the main menu
----------------------------------

2012-12-25.
The top menu is now loaded from a single javascript file which is
common to all pages and can be changed easily. Existing manuals don't 
need to be rerendered to have an up to date menu.



Automatic "shrink to fit" for images
------------------------------------

2012-12-24. `This post`__ has a first info. More documentation is in 
preparation.

__ http://lists.typo3.org/pipermail/typo3-project-documentation/2012-December/004315.html

1. Watch for example `this page`__.
2. Select "adaptive" layout.
3. Resize the width of your browser window.

__ http://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/GettingStartedTutorial/GeneralPrinciples/GeneralBackendStructure/Index.html



How to make small screenshots look nice
---------------------------------------

2012-12-18: `first info and comments`__, example__

__ http://lists.typo3.org/pipermail/typo3-project-documentation/2012-December/004288.html
__ http://docs.typo3.org/Overview/Tips.html#access-key-n-next-page

Updated recommendation: **Do** use class "screenshot-detail", **do not**
use "screenshot-fullsize".
