Documentation/typo3cms/CoreteamsCorner/Extensions/Index.rst, before:

.. include:: ../../../Includes.txt

.. _Coreteam-Extensions:

===============
Core Extensions
===============




System extension 'adodb'
========================

.. |teaser-image-adodb-extension| image:: https://docs.typo3.org/services/dummyimage/code.php?x=216x1.63:1/2994ff/fff&text=adodb
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/adodb/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'adodb'

|teaser-image-adodb-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'core'
=======================

.. Example:
   To generate a dummyimage visit:
   https://docs.typo3.org/services/dummyimage/code.php?x=216x1.63:1/2994ff/fff&text=core

.. |teaser-image-core-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-core-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/core/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'core'

|teaser-image-core-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'css_styled_content'
=====================================

.. |teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/css_styled_content/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'css_styled_content'

|teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

.. nothing below teaser, for example




System extension 'dbal'
=======================

.. |teaser-image-dbal-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-dbal-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/dbal/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'dbal'

|teaser-image-dbal-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.



System extension 'documentation'
================================

.. |teaser-image-documentation-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-documentation-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/documentation/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'documentation'

|teaser-image-documentation-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'felogin'
==========================

.. |teaser-image-felogin-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-felogin-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/felogin/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'felogin'

|teaser-image-felogin-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'fluid_styled_content'
=======================================

.. |teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/fluid_styled_content/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'fluid_styled_content'

|teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'form'
=======================

.. |teaser-image-form-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-form-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/form/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'form'

|teaser-image-form-extension|

**Attention:**
A brand new manual has come with version 8.7!
  
<-- Click teaser.
  

.. rst-class:: clear-both



System extension 'indexed_search'
=================================

.. |teaser-image-indexed_search-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-indexed_search-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/indexed_search/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'indexed_search'

|teaser-image-indexed_search-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'linkvalidator'
================================

.. |teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/linkvalidator/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'linkvalidator'

|teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'openid'
=========================

.. |teaser-image-openid-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-openid-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/openid/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'openid'

|teaser-image-openid-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'recycler'
===========================

.. |teaser-image-recycler-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-recycler-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/recycler/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'recycler'

|teaser-image-recycler-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'rsaauth'
==========================

.. |teaser-image-rsaauth-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-rsaauth-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/rsaauth/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'rsaauth'

|teaser-image-rsaauth-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'rtehtmlarea'
==============================

.. |teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/rtehtmlarea/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'rtehtmlarea'

|teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'saltedpasswords'
==================================

.. |teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/saltedpasswords/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'saltedpasswords'

|teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'scheduler'
============================

.. |teaser-image-scheduler-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-scheduler-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/scheduler/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'scheduler'

|teaser-image-scheduler-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'sys_action'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-sys_action-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-sys_action-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/sys_action/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'sys_action'

|teaser-image-sys_action-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'taskcenter'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-taskcenter-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-taskcenter-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/taskcenter/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'taskcenter'

|teaser-image-taskcenter-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'workspaces'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-workspaces-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-workspaces-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/workspaces/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'workspaces'

|teaser-image-workspaces-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

Commit message:

[TASK] Update description of system extensions

Documentation/typo3cms/CoreteamsCorner/Extensions/Index.rst, after:

.. include:: ../../../Includes.txt

.. _Coreteam-Extensions:

===============
Core Extensions
===============




System extension 'adodb'
========================

.. |teaser-image-adodb-extension| image:: https://docs.typo3.org/services/dummyimage/code.php?x=216x1.63:1/2994ff/fff&text=adodb
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/adodb/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'adodb'

|teaser-image-adodb-extension|

TYPO3 <= 7.6

((to be written))

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'core'
=======================

.. Example:
   To generate a dummyimage visit:
   https://docs.typo3.org/services/dummyimage/code.php?x=216x1.63:1/2994ff/fff&text=core

.. |teaser-image-core-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-core-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/core/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'core'

|teaser-image-core-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'css_styled_content'
=====================================

.. |teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/css_styled_content/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'css_styled_content'

|teaser-image-css_styled_content-extension|

TYPO3 <= 8.7

((to be written))

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

.. nothing below teaser, for example




System extension 'dbal'
=======================

.. |teaser-image-dbal-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-dbal-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/dbal/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'dbal'

|teaser-image-dbal-extension|

TYPO3 <= 7.6

((to be written))

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.



System extension 'documentation'
================================

.. |teaser-image-documentation-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-documentation-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/documentation/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'documentation'

|teaser-image-documentation-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'felogin'
==========================

.. |teaser-image-felogin-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-felogin-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/felogin/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'felogin'

|teaser-image-felogin-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'fluid_styled_content'
=======================================

.. |teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/fluid_styled_content/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'fluid_styled_content'

|teaser-image-fluid_styled_content-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'form'
=======================

.. |teaser-image-form-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-form-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/form/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'form'

|teaser-image-form-extension|

**Attention:**
A brand new manual has come with version 8.7!
  
<-- Click teaser.
  

.. rst-class:: clear-both



System extension 'indexed_search'
=================================

.. |teaser-image-indexed_search-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-indexed_search-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/indexed_search/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'indexed_search'

|teaser-image-indexed_search-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'linkvalidator'
================================

.. |teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/linkvalidator/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'linkvalidator'

|teaser-image-linkvalidator-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'openid'
=========================

.. |teaser-image-openid-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-openid-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/openid/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'openid'

|teaser-image-openid-extension|

TYPO3 <= 6.2

((to be written))

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'recycler'
===========================

.. |teaser-image-recycler-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-recycler-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/recycler/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'recycler'

|teaser-image-recycler-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'rsaauth'
==========================

.. |teaser-image-rsaauth-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-rsaauth-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/rsaauth/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'rsaauth'

|teaser-image-rsaauth-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'rtehtmlarea'
==============================

.. |teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/rtehtmlarea/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'rtehtmlarea'

|teaser-image-rtehtmlarea-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'saltedpasswords'
==================================

.. |teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/saltedpasswords/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'saltedpasswords'

|teaser-image-saltedpasswords-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'scheduler'
============================

.. |teaser-image-scheduler-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-scheduler-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/scheduler/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'scheduler'

|teaser-image-scheduler-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'sys_action'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-sys_action-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-sys_action-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/sys_action/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'sys_action'

|teaser-image-sys_action-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'taskcenter'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-taskcenter-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-taskcenter-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/taskcenter/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'taskcenter'

|teaser-image-taskcenter-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.




System extension 'workspaces'
=============================

.. |teaser-image-workspaces-extension| image:: files/teaser-image-workspaces-extension.png
   :class: float-left with-shadow
   :target: https://docs.typo3.org/typo3cms/extensions/workspaces/
   :alt: The manual of system extension 'workspaces'

|teaser-image-workspaces-extension|

Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.

<-- Click teaser.

.. rst-class:: clear-both

Below teaser.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension. Writing about the system extension.
